hey guys today I want to unbox this
portable or wireless stereo speaker here
from JBL by Harman it it has a pretty
interesting design here and it's called
flick - it works both wireless with
Bluetooth or with the cable so just
unbox it in this little video here so
see this package here same things here
only back wireless bluetooth stereo with
NFC rechargeable battery 5 hours of
playtime noise and echo free speaker
speaker phone system and great want you
speed up the one used to be cable
carrying case JBL flip 2 portable stereo
speaker and of course it works with
various devices like phones and tablets
and computers so if we just top this one
up here
so the first thing I could feel here
when I want to hold it this one is that
it has a very nice weight to it you can
see their little shiny a little logo
there
another interesting thing I can find
here is that I could have it stand both
both ways here so if you want to hide in
these things you can definitely go ahead
and do so it's just like you can take
like calls with it and volume up and
down Bluetooth power on okay interesting
and then of course on the back here you
do get so you can just plug in a cable
here and just instantly as of the play
music without having to use bluetooth
and then a charging charging area here
I also found here pretty nice that you
can also have it this direction and if
it's good and I really really do like
the sides here in the in terms of the
design that you can decide however you
want it and I'm going to have more
things here like a normal charging cable
here you can charter college you can
plug this one in to your computer
some kind of adapter here if you need to
plug it into a wall something if you
want to do that and then another one
here and seems like we also do get a
third one here so that could be good
depending on where you do live and then
it's just like if you have this one also
here is a lot of colors I probably
enjoyed this one though with more in
terms of color but and the white one is
also pretty nice so here's a quick
unboxing here all this portable
bluetooth speaker so yeah it's a quick
little kick
have a great day